c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\obj\Debug\BotApplicationTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\BotApplicationTests.dll.config
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\BotApplicationTests.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\BotApplicationTests.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Chronic.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\obj\Debug\BotApplicationTests.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\obj\Debug\BotApplicationTests.pdb
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\patiwari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot Application1\BotApplicationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
